[Music]
now although modern royal families are
way more down-to-earth and their
predecessors there are still a lot of
everyday things they never do queen
elizabeth ii was brought up in a pretty
strict environment as a result she's
never done a lot of the things you do
every day without giving it a second
thought
one she never went to school but despite
this queen elizabeth ii is a very
educated person she was tutored
privately along with her sister Princess
Margaret and there's no doubt that their
teachers were the best the country could
provide on top of that the future Queen
studied not only general subjects but
also constitutional law in history it
was necessary to prepare her for her
future role too the Queen has never
taken a selfie yep unfortunately royal
protocols don't approve of this innocent
hobby and even though some people have
probably taken selfies with members of
the royal family in the background Queen
Elizabeth herself has never been in a
selfie willingly 3 the Queen has never
broken in her new shoes yep even though
she's been ordering the same style of
shoes from the same company for years
the Queen still needs someone to make
them comfortable first and it makes
sense when you find out that she prefers
patent leather which can be particularly
tough when your shoes are new that's why
a special shoe breaker puts on cotton
ankle socks and a new pair of shoes and
keeps walking until the leather becomes
soft
the main rule this person has to obey is
to walk on carpets so the soles can stay
pristine for Her Majesty has never gone
grocery shopping grocery stores are seen
as something unroyal that's why members
of the royal family aren't supposed to
buy food on their own come to think of
it it makes perfect sense all of the
Queen's drinks and dishes are prepared
by skilled chefs so she doesn't have any
need to frequent her local 7-eleven
however once the Queen did visit a
grocery store but she was fulfilling her
royal duty at that time not shopping
and the witnesses said that she looked a
tiny bit out of her element strolling
down the aisles with food 5 she's never
taken a driving test but that doesn't
mean that the Queen can't drive oh she
can and does in fact she loves driving
very much and is often seen behind the
wheel of her favorite Range Rover as for
a driving licence Her Majesty is the
only person in the UK who doesn't need
to have any documents to drive a car
what's more she doesn't even need a
license plate it's part of her royal
privileges 6 Queen Elizabeth has never
had a nine-to-five job and no one will
argue with the fact that being the queen
of the UK 24/7 is already a huge
responsibility on the other hand in her
youth during tough times the future
Queen worked as a military truck driver
and mechanic but the Queen has hobbies
that help her to relax
for example spending time with her dogs
or horseback riding 7 she's never had a
social media account and no wonder
members of the royal family or those
married into the family seldom do for
example after marrying Prince Harry
Megan Markel deleted her personal
Facebook Instagram and Twitter accounts
anyway if you want to be aware of the
main events happening in the royal
family you can't follow the official
Kensington Palace Twitter and Instagram
accounts but try as you might you won't
find the Queen on tik-tok or snapchat 8
the queen is never dated yep Her Majesty
was lucky enough to find her prince
charming on her first try she met Prince
Philip when they were still children but
Princess Elizabeth fell in love with her
future husband only some time later when
she was 13 years old after meeting him
on a tennis court after that they began
writing letters to each other and in
1947 when Princess Elizabeth was 21 the
happy couple finally got engaged five
months later they got married at
Westminster Abbey with 2000 guests
attending the ceremony
9 although the queen is famous for her
love of her pet corgis and dorjee's
she's never filled their bowls with food
but the pooches don't seem to mind
there's an in-house chef whose task is
to make gourmet meals for the Royal dogs
their delicacies are always freshly
prepared and a special footman delivers
the food every day by the way Queen
Elizabeth got the first Corgi of her own
called Susan when she was 18 since then
she's had more than 30 many of which
were Susan's descendants
regrettably her final Corgi passed away
in 2018 and since then Her Majesty
hasn't had any full bread corgis but she
still has to dorjee's vulcan and candy
which are a cross between a dachshund
and a Corgi 10
she's never voted but it's not like she
isn't allowed to vote
nope legally the Queen can vote at any
elections or referendums Her Majesty
just chooses not to the thing is that
she has to remain strictly neutral with
respect to political matters and she's
been following the royal protocol on
this matter so far interestingly other
members of the royal family tend to
follow the Queen's lead they eagerly
support charities and take part in
philanthropic events but prefer to stay
neutral when it comes to politics and
voting 11 Queen Elizabeth has never had
a passport but she can freely travel
overseas this paradox makes sense when
you think about the fact that a British
passports gets issued in the name of the
Queen that's why the Queen herself
doesn't need one so when the most
traveled monarch in British history goes
abroad she just breezes through customs
and passport control she doesn't need to
prove her identity to immigration
officials or show any travel documents
as for other members of the royal family
they do have passports and show them
while traveling abroad 12 the Queen has
never opened her presents on Christmas
Day every year during the festive season
the Royal
family travels to the Queen Sandringham
Estate in Norfolk to celebrate the
holidays there but her majesty and her
relatives open their presents on
Christmas Eve instead of Christmas Day
Queen Elizabeth's father King George the
sex was the one who started this
tradition also rumor has it that the
family members liked giving each other
gag gifts well it probably helps with
the awkward problem of what to present
to the longest reigning monarch of Great
Britain e13 the Queen has never traveled
without a pack of her own blood to the
countries where it might not be that
easy to access a reliable blood supply
in fact this is the habit of both Prince
Philip and Prince Charles as well this
way if there's a medical emergency the
Queen her consort and the heir to the
British throne will be able to have a
blood transfusion
besides they'll be sure that the blood
is free from any infection 14
she's never celebrated her birthday only
once a year
the Queen's real birthday is on April
21st
but it's officially celebrated on the
second Saturday of June the thing is
that historically monarchs who had
birthdays in colder months tended to
change the date of the official ceremony
for a warmer season and having a
birthday celebration in June means that
the weather is more likely to be
favorable for a parade 15 she's never
been to the gym even during her youth
but Her Majesty is in her 90s how does
she keep fit the most likely reason is
the Queen's love for animals which helps
her remain active and energetic she
spends a lot of time taking care of her
dogs and horses plus she's never been
obsessed with food on top of that people
who know the Queen say she's very
disciplined and thanks to this character
trait she stays healthy and in good
physical condition and finally a bonus
the queen has never been to my house but
the invitation is open for your majesty
anytime and if you'll let me know in
advance I'll have some good old barbecue
ready for you and Philip if he's up for
it hey if you learned something new
today then give the video a like
shared with a friend and here are some
other videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life